url=https://creditcards.chase.com/rewards-credit-cards/sapphire/preferred
status=200
fetchedAt=2026-08-03T03:56:50.531Z

Chase Sapphire Preferred Credit Card | Chase.com Skip to main content Skip Side Menu Side menu ends Side menu ends Opens Marketplace homepage in the same window Opens Marketplace homepage in the same window Sign in Opens Chase account sign in within a new window close navigation Home Opens Chase.com in a new window Sign In Opens Chase.com sign-in in a new window Free Credit Score Opens in a new window EXPLORE PRODUCTS Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Opens Chase Credit Cards page in the same window Check for Offers Opens Check for Offers page in the same window Refer Friends Opens in the same window Card Finder Opens in the same window Browse Credit Cards Featured Cards (9) Opens Featured Cards page in the same window. All Cards (42) Opens All Cards page in the same window. Newest Offers (8) Opens Newest Offers page in the same window. Cash Back (10) Opens Cash Back page in the same window. Balance Transfer (3) Opens Balance Transfer page in the same window. Travel (32) Opens Travel page in the same window. Business (11) Opens Business page in the same window. Rewards (40) Opens Rewards page in the same window. Airline (15) Opens Airline page in the same window. Hotel (11) Opens Hotel page in the same window. Dining (12) Opens Dining page in the same window. Credit Building Opens Credit Building category page in the same window. No Annual Fee (15) Opens No Annual Fee page in the same window. No Foreign Transaction Fee (30) Opens No Foreign Transaction Fee page in the same window. 0% Intro APR (6) Opens 0% Intro APR page in the same window. Visa (35) Opens Visa page in the same window. MasterCard (7) Opens MasterCard page in the same window. New to Credit Opens New to Credit page in the same window. Wholesale Club Visa Card Acceptance (17) Opens Wholesale Club Visa Card Acceptance page in the same window. EMV Cards with Chip (42) Opens EMV Cards with Chip page in the same window. Card Brands Chase Sapphire (3) Opens Chase Sapphire brands page in the same window. Chase Freedom (3) Opens Chase Freedom brands page in the same window. Slate (2) Opens Slate brands page in the same window Southwest (5) Opens Southwest brands page in the same window. United (6) Opens United brands page in the same window. Marriott Bonvoy (3) Opens Marriott Bonvoy brands page in the same window. British Airways/Avios (3) Opens Avios brands page in the same window. Disney (3) Opens Disney brands page in the same window. IHG (3) Opens IHG brands page in the same window. World of Hyatt (2) Opens World of Hyatt brands page in the same window. Chase for Business (5) Opens Chase for Business page in the same window. Amazon (2) Opens Amazon brands page in the same window. Aeroplan Opens Aeroplan page in the same window. DoorDash Opens DoorDash page in the same window. Instacart Opens DoorDash page in the same window. Compare Cards Opens in the same window Credit Card Education Opens in a new window More Chase Products Checking Opens Chase.com checking in a new window Savings Opens Chase.com savings in a new window CDs Opens Chase.com CDs in a new window Auto Opens Chase.com auto loans in a new window Mortgage Opens Chase.com mortgage in a new window Home equity Opens Chase.com home equity in a new window Investing Opens Chase.com investing in a new window Business banking Opens Chase.com business banking in a new window Commercial banking Opens Chase.com commercial banking in a new window CONNECT WITH CHASE Find ATM &amp; Branch Opens Chase ATM and branch locator in a new window Customer Service Open Customer Service in new window Give Feedback Give Feedback opens overlay Schedule a meeting Opens in a new window About Chase Opens in a new window J.P. Morgan Opens in a new window JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. Opens in a new window Careers Opens in a new window SAFE Act: Chase Mortgage Loan Originators Opens in a new window Fair Lending Opens in a new window close navigation Main content begins Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window Credit Cards home Opens home page in the same window. Chase Sapphire Preferred ® Credit Card Earn more than ever, same low annual fee. † opens pricing and terms in new window --> Earn 75,000 points after you spend $5,000 in purchases in the first 3 months from account opening. * + Sign in to apply faster Opens in a new window Apply as a guest Opens in a new window $95 annual fee † Opens pricing and terms in new window 19.24 Min. of (6.75+12.49) and 29.99 %– 27.49 Min. of (6.75+20.74) and 29.99 % variable APR. † Opens pricing and terms in new window * Offer details Opens offer details overlay. † Pricing &amp; Terms Opens pricing and terms in new window. This credit card is unavailable to you if you currently have this card open. The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you previously held this card or received a new cardmember bonus for this card. We may also consider the number of cards you have opened and closed in determining your bonus eligibility. Sapphire Preferred ® just got even better NEW 5x points on Chase Travel * 3x points on dining * NEW 3x points on gas stations, EV charging, and vacation homes at top brands * 3x points on top streaming services and online grocery, exclusions apply * 2x points on all other travel * and 1X points on all other purchases * Now with even more to love ENHANCED FEATURE $100 Chase Travel Hotel Credit Earn up to $100 in statement credits each account anniversary year for hotel stays purchased through Chase Travel * . NEW Global Entry or TSA PreCheck ® or NEXUS Application Fee credit Receive one statement credit of up to $120 every four years as reimbursement for the application fee charged to your card. * Value that adds up NEW Apple TV benefit Get a year of complimentary Apple TV when activated by December 31, 2026 - a value of $156. * DoorDash benefits Get a complimentary DashPass membership, a $120 value for 12 months. Enjoy $0 delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible DoorDash orders when you activate by 12/31/27. * Plus, DashPass members get a $10 promo each month ($120 annually) to save on groceries, retail orders, and more. * 5x on Peloton purchases Earn 5x total points on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases over $150 through 12/31/27. * 5x on Lyft rides Earn 5x on Lyft rides through 9/30/27. * Explore additional benefits Transfer Points Opens drawer that reveals additional content Are you a member of a frequent travel program? With Chase Sapphire Preferred ® , you can transfer your points to leading frequent travel programs. Airline Travel Partners Aer Lingus, AerClub Air Canada Aeroplan British Airways Executive Club Flying Blue AIR FRANCE KLM Iberia Plus JetBlue TrueBlue Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards ® United MileagePlus ® Virgin Atlantic Flying Club Hotel Travel Partners IHG ® Rewards Club Marriott Bonvoy ® World of Hyatt ® Wyndham Rewards ® Partner benefits Opens drawer that reveals additional content DoorDash DashPass benefits Get a complimentary DashPass membership, a $120 value for 12 months. Enjoy $0 delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible DoorDash orders when you activate by December 31, 2027. * Plus, DashPass members get a $10 promo each month ( $120 annually) to save on groceries, retail orders, and more through December 31, 2027. * 5x points on Lyft rides Earn 5x total points on Lyft rides with your Chase Sapphire Preferred card through September 30, 2027. * 5x points on Peloton equipment Earn 5x total points on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases over $150 through December 31, 2027. * Travel &amp; purchase coverage Opens drawer that reveals additional content You're covered with built-in benefits - travel confidently &amp; shop with confidence Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance If your trip is canceled or cut short by sickness, severe weather or other covered situations, you can be reimbursed up to $10,000 per covered traveler and $20,000 per trip for your pre-paid, non-refundable travel expenses, including passenger fares, tours, and hotels. Δ Baggage Delay Insurance Reimburses you up to $100 a day for up to 5 days for essential purchases like toiletries and clothing when baggage is delayed over 6 hours. Δ Travel and Emergency Assistance If you run into a problem while traveling away from home, this benefit provides legal and medical referrals and access to other travel and emergency assistance services. (You will be responsible for the cost of any goods or services obtained.) Δ Roadside Assistance If you have a roadside emergency, call the service provider to dispatch the help you need. Roadside service fees will be billed to your card at time of dispatch. Δ Purchase Protection Covers your eligible new purchases for 120 days from the date of purchase against damage or theft up to $500 per item. Δ , ΔΔ Auto Rental Coverage Decline the rental company's collision insurance and charge the entire rental cost to your card. Coverage is primary and provides reimbursement up to $60,000 for theft and collision damage for most rental vehicles with an MSRP of $125,000 or less. Δ , ΔΔ Trip Delay Reimbursement If your common carrier travel is delayed more than 12 hours or requires an overnight stay, you are covered for unreimbursed expenses, such as meals and lodging, up to $500 per covered traveler. Δ Travel Accident Insurance When you pay for your air, bus, train or cruise transportation with your card, you are eligible to receive up to $500,000 in accidental death or dismemberment coverage. Δ Lost Luggage Reimbursement Provides reimbursement up to $3,000 per covered traveler for the cost to repair or replace checked or carry-on baggage that is lost, damaged or stolen during a covered trip. Δ , ΔΔ Extended Warranty Protection Extends the time period of the manufacturer's U.S. warranty by an additional year, on eligible warranties of three years or less, up to four years from the date of purchase. Δ NEW Emergency Evacuation and Transportation If you or a covered traveler are injured or become sick during a trip 100 miles or more from home that results in an emergency evacuation, you can be covered for medical services and transportation up to $100,000. Δ Guide to Benefits Opens in a new window Δ Travel And Purchase Protection: These benefits are available when you use your card. Restrictions, limitations and exclusions apply. Most benefits are provided by unaffiliated companies who are solely responsible for the administration and claims. There are specific time limits and documentation requirements. For full coverage details, cardmembers can refer to their Guide to Benefits, provided after account opening, or call the number on the back of their card for assistance. ΔΔ Specific limitations apply to New York residents: Auto Rental Coverage – inside the United States coverage is secondary to your personal automobile insurance. Lost Luggage Reimbursement – additionally limited to $2,000 per bag and $10,000 for all covered travelers per trip. Purchase Protection – coverage period is 90 days from the date of purchase. No foreign transaction fees † Opens drawer that reveals additional content You will pay no foreign transaction fees when you use your card for purchases made outside the United States. † For example, if you spend $5,000 internationally, you would avoid $150 in foreign transaction fees. 24/7 access Opens drawer that reveals additional content 24/7 Access to a Customer Service Specialist Enjoy 24/7 access to a customer service specialist from virtually anywhere in the world. Spend Instantly Opens drawer that reveals additional content Apply for a card, use it the same day Receive instant access to your card by adding it to a digital wallet, like Apple Pay ® , Google Pay ™ or Samsung Pay. Find out how at chase.com/digital/spend-instantly Opens in a new window . Credit Journey Opens drawer that reveals additional content Stay informed and alert with Chase Credit Journey ® Chase Credit Journey ® is so much more than a free credit score. By enrolling in identity monitoring, you can receive alerts * when your information is found on the dark web or in a data breach. And, if your data is stolen, assistance is available to you. A personal concierge to assist you at every step: Get a direct line to assistance that's assigned to you round-the-clock. They'll help you prepare for every step in the process and keep you informed. Coverage for select out-of-pocket costs: If identity theft happens, you may be covered for certain expenses. Assistance if you lose your wallet: Get help if you lose any of your credit cards, your ID or other important documents, no matter where you are in the world. And, it's free for everyone! For more information or to enroll in Chase Credit Journey, please click here Opens in a new window Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. Chase Pay Over Time ® Opens drawer that reveals additional content Chase Pay Over Time * lets eligible Chase customers break up credit card purchases into budget friendly payments. There are two potential ways to pay over time: After purchase (formerly My Chase Plan ® ): Pay off an eligible purchase you've already made of $100 or more * in smaller, equal monthly payments. No Interest- just a fixed monthly fee † with plan durations that range from 3-24 months. Start a plan by selecting an eligible purchase with the &quot;Pay Over Time&quot; option next to the transaction amount in your credit card activity. At checkout: Chase Credit card members may have the option to create a payment plan at checkout on Amazon.com. Orders totaling $50 or more * using your eligible Chase credit card at Amazon.com could be eligible for Chase Pay Over Time. You will be able to view Chase Pay Over Time plan options (including the fixed APR and durations) at checkout. Keep in mind: Even though you may have an eligible card, access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed. Your ability to create a Chase Pay Over Time plan is based on a variety of factors, such as your creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. For more information on Chase Pay Over Time features, please visit chase.com/chasepayovertime Opens in a new window . The premium travel credit card with elevated benefits Chase Sapphire Reserve Credit Card Earn 100,000 bonus points after you spend $6,000 on purchases in the first 3 months from account opening See details Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window Refer friends if you already have a Chase Sapphire ® Credit Card! Click the button below to start referring. Refer friends now Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window Begins Offer Details Overlay. CLOSE Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window Begin Offer Details Content. Chase Sapphire Preferred ® Credit Card Offer Details Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. This credit card is unavailable to you if you currently have one open. The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you previously held this card or received a new cardmember bonus for this card. We may also consider the number of cards you have opened and closed in determining your bonus eligibility. New Cardmember Bonus – 75,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $5,000 in purchases during the first 3 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won’t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Earning in the Rewards Program: You'll earn points on purchases of products and services, minus returns or refunds, made with a Chase Sapphire Preferred credit card by you or an authorized user of the account; however, the following types of transactions won't count as purchases and won't earn points: purchases that qualify for the $100 Annual Chase Travel Hotel Credit, balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions; lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions; person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. 5 points (“5X points”) on Chase Travel purchases: You’ll earn 5 points for each $1 spent on purchases made using your card through Chase Travel. Travel purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will not qualify to earn 5 points for each $1 spent. 3 points (“3X points”): You’ll earn 3 points for each $1 spent on purchases in the following rewards categories: vacation homes at top brands (see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs Opens in a new window for select top brands); gas stations; electric vehicle charging; dining at restaurants including takeout and eligible delivery services; top streaming services (see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs Opens in a new window for select top services); online grocery (excluding Target ® , Walmart ® and wholesale clubs). 2 points (“2X points”) on travel purchases: You’ll earn 2 points for each $1 spent on purchases made in the travel category (excluding purchases made through Chase Travel that qualify for 5 points as described). Travel purchases made using your card through FROSCH by Chase Travel, Valerie Wilson Travel by Chase Travel, or Frosch International Travel LLC will qualify to earn 2 points for each $1 spent. 1 point (“1X points”): You’ll earn 1 point for each $1 spent on all other purchases. How you can use your points: You can use your points to redeem for any available reward options, including cash, gift cards, travel, and pay with points for products or services made available through the program or directly from third parties. Redemption values for reward options vary. Points expiration/losing points: Your points don’t expire as long as your account remains open, however, you will immediately lose all your points if your account status changes, or your account is closed for program misuse, fraudulent activities, or other reasons described in the terms of the Rewards Program Agreement. For important information about Chase rewards categories, see chase.com/RewardsCategoryFAQs Opens in a new window . For more information about the Chase Sapphire Preferred rewards program, you can see the latest Rewards Program Agreement at chase.com/sapphirepreferred/rewardsagreement Opens in a new window and it will also be available for cardmembers after logging in to chase.com/ultimaterewards Opens in a new window and will be mailed for new or changed accounts. $100 Annual Chase Travel Hotel Credit: A statement credit will automatically be applied to your account when your card is used for hotel accommodation purchases made through Chase Travel, up to an annual maximum accumulation of $100. Annual means the year beginning with your account open date through the first statement date after your account anniversary, and the 12 monthly billing cycles after that each year. Annually, the first $100 in Chase Travel hotel purchases will not earn rewards points. We may reverse statement credits if an eligible purchase is returned, canceled, or modified or if you close your account within 90 days of receiving a statement credit. Statement credits should post to your account within 3 business days but may take up to 4 weeks. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Global Entry or TSA PreCheck ® or NEXUS Application Fee Statement Credit You will receive one statement credit every four years (up to $120) after the first program (either Global Entry or TSA PreCheck ® or NEXUS) application fee is charged to your Chase Sapphire Preferred card, by you or an authorized user. This benefit applies only to the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck ® or NEXUS programs, other Trusted Traveler Programs are not eligible. Only purchases made directly with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, eligible partner listed on ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/ Opens overlay , or authorized enrollment providers featured on tsa.gov/precheck Opens overlay website are eligible for reimbursement. Purchases made through any third parties, such as travel agencies or application assistance services, are not eligible for reimbursement. The statement credit will appear on your credit card billing statement within 1-2 billing cycles. You are responsible for payment of all charges until the statement credit posts to the account. Chase has no control or liability regarding these programs including, but not limited to, applications, approval process or enrollment, or fees charged by CBP or TSA or DHS. For more information about the Global Entry, TSA PreCheck ® and NEXUS programs, including application details and full terms and conditions, go to ttp.cbp.dhs.gov/ Opens overlay . Websites and other information provided by government agencies are not within Chase’s control and may not be available in Spanish. To receive statement credits, your account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. TSA PreCheck ® is a registered trademark and is used with the permission of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Complimentary Apple TV for Chase Sapphire Preferred: One-time activation on chase.com Opens in a new window or the Chase Mobile ® app required by December 31, 2026. You, as the primary cardmember, will receive at least 12 months of complimentary Apple TV from the activation date. If you have an active paid Apple TV subscription purchased directly through Apple, your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase will automatically suspend your existing subscription. Once your complimentary Apple TV subscription through Chase ends, your paid Apple TV subscription will automatically resume at the then-current price. If you have an active paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple, after you have activated your Apple TV benefit on Chase.com Opens in a new window or the Chase Mobile ® app with the same Apple Account connected to your Apple One billing, you will automatically receive a $7.50 discount on your Apple One subscription starting on your next billing period. The Apple One discount is subject to change or cancelation in Apple’s discretion. Once your $7.50 discount on Apple One ends, your paid Apple One subscription purchased directly through Apple will resume at the then-current rate. Only one complimentary Apple TV subscription or Apple One discount per Apple Account. For questions on your Apple One subscription, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. If you close or change your eligible card to an ineligible card at any time during this offer, you will no longer be eligible for complimentary Apple TV or an Apple One discount. For users on Apple devices (iPhone or iPad), this benefit will be automatically linked to the Apple Account you use to sign in to your device. To use an alternate Apple Account, log in on web. If you have linked your Apple Account and wish to link a different Apple Account, please call Apple at 1-800-275-2273. Use of Apple TV is subject to Apple Media Services and Apple’s Privacy Policy. Complimentary DashPass: You and your authorized user(s) will receive at least 12 months of complimentary DashPass for use on both the DoorDash and Caviar applications during the same membership period based on the first activation date, when the membership is activated with a Chase Sapphire Preferred card by 12/31/2027. Membership period for all users on this Chase Sapphire account will begin and end based on when the first user activates the membership on DoorDash or Caviar. The same login credentials must be used on DoorDash and Caviar in order for the DashPass benefit to be used on both applications. To receive the membership benefits, the primary cardmember and authorized user(s) must first add their Chase Sapphire card as a default payment method on DoorDash or Caviar, and then click the activation button. Once enrolled in DashPass, you must use your Chase Sapphire card for payment at checkout for DashPass-eligible orders to receive DashPass benefits. DashPass benefits apply only to eligible orders from DashPass-eligible merchants that meet the minimum subtotal requirement, excluding taxes and fees (as stated in the DoorDash and Caviar apps and sites with amounts subject to change). However, other fees (including service fee), taxes, and gratuity on orders may still apply. Current value of the DashPass membership is as of 02/01/2025. DashPass orders are subject to delivery driver and geographic availability. Membership must be activated with a United States address. Payment through third-party payment accounts, or online or mobile digital wallets (like Apple Pay and Google Wallet), or memberships purchased through third parties are excluded from this offer. Mobile applications, websites and other information provided by DoorDash or Caviar are not within Chase's control and may or may not be available in Spanish. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash or Caviar benefits and services. If you product change to another Chase credit card eligible for a DashPass membership during the promotional period, your DashPass benefits may change. You may experience a delay in updating your applicable DashPass benefits on DoorDash or Caviar; please note, once you product trade, the benefits from your previous credit card are no longer available for your use. You can only access the benefits available with your current credit card. Your Chase Sapphire account must be open and not in default to maintain membership benefits. See full DoorDash terms and conditions at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_US Opens Overlay . Earn Up to $10 Off Monthly on DoorDash Non-Restaurant Orders: Once you have activated your Chase Sapphire or Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership, you will receive a $10 off discount each calendar month at checkout on one qualifying non-restaurant order on DoorDash as long as you remain enrolled in the Chase Sapphire or Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership. Discount applies to subtotal only; does not apply to fees, taxes, and gratuity. Fees, taxes, and gratuity still apply. To claim, select the discount from the promotion wallet at checkout, or claim the discount when prompted in the DoorDash app or website. If the full $10 value is not used on a single order, the remaining value will be forfeited. You must use the card used to enroll in your Chase Sapphire or Chase Sapphire Preferred DashPass membership as your payment method at order checkout to receive this discount. This discount may be combined with other order-level promotions, discounts, or deals. The monthly discount will be made available to you in your DoorDash account at the beginning of each month and will only be available for the remainder of that calendar month; the monthly discount will not roll over into a subsequent month. Once redeemed, the discount will not be refunded to the user regardless of whether the user otherwise receives a refund or credits back on their order. Not valid for the purchase of gift cards. Not valid on alcohol in some states. Limit one redemption per month per person. Valid in the U.S. only. Discount has no cash value and is non-transferable. Chase is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, DoorDash benefits and services. Credit card product changes during the promotional period will forfeit this offer. Additional DoorDash promotional terms and conditions available at: https://help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions?language=en_US Opens Overlay . All deliveries subject to availability. Must have or create a valid DoorDash account. Qualifying orders containing alcohol will be charged a $0.01 Delivery Fee. No cash value. Non-transferable. See full terms and conditions at: help.doordash.com/consumers/s/article/offer-terms-conditions Opens Overlay . 10X or 5X total points on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases through 12/31/2027: You'll earn a total of 10 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 5 (Sapphire Preferred) points for each $1 spent on up to $5,000 in total purchases when your card is used for Peloton equipment and accessory purchases over $150 through Peloton from 4/1/2025 through 12/31/2027. That's 9 (Sapphire Reserve or J.P. Morgan Reserve) or 4 (Sapphire Preferred) points on top of the 1 point you already earn on these purchases with your card. Only purchases made directly through Peloton - through onepeloton.com Opens Overlay , over the phone, or in a Peloton showroom - are eligible. Online purchases made using the Truemed pay with HSA/FSA funds checkout flow are not eligible. Purchases made outside the U.S. are not eligible. Gift cards and apparel are not eligible. Points earned on eligible Peloton equipment and accessory purchases will be deducted from the cardmember's account if the order is cancelled or returned. Purchases must post to the cardmember's account by the last day of the promotional period to qualify. Sometimes your card will be charged on a date after you make a purchase, and as a result the purchase may not post to your account until after the last day of the promotional period. Please allow 6 to 8 weeks after qualifying purchases post to your account for points to post to your account. To qualify for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. This bonus offer is non-transferable. 5X Points Offer on Lyft Purchases: You'll earn 5X points on qualifying Lyft products and services purchased through the Lyft mobile application through 09/30/2027. That's 3 additional points on top of the 2 points earned on travel purchases in the rewards program. Qualifying Lyft products and services include rideshare; bike and scooter rides; and subscription and membership products. Purchase of gift cards, car rentals, vehicle service centers, miscellaneous fees and other Lyft products and services are excluded from this promotion. Future Lyft products or services may not be eligible. Additional points will appear on your billing statement in a separate line from base points. Lyft is not responsible for the provision of, or the failure to provide, Chase benefits or services. See Earning in the Rewards Program for more information about earning points. Cardmembers Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time: Eligible cardmembers are those with access to Chase Pay Over Time who use a participating Chase credit card for eligible purchases. Access to Chase Pay Over Time is not guaranteed, is based on a variety of factors such as creditworthiness, credit limit and account behavior, and may change from time to time. Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time After Purchase: Participating Chase credit cards include most consumer credit cards and select small business credit cards. For a complete list of participating Chase credit cards, see &quot;Which Chase credit cards are eligible to use Chase Pay Over Time after a purchase is made&quot; at chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chasepayovertime/faqs/after-purchase Opens in a new window . Participating Credit Cards for Chase Pay Over Time at checkout on Amazon.com: Participating Chase credit cards include all credit cards except small business credit cards, Amazon Visa and Prime Visa cards, and Chase Mastercard credit cards. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time Set Up After Purchase: Purchases of at least $100 are eligible, excluding certain transactions such as (a) cash-like transactions, (b) any fees owed to us, including Annual Membership Fees, and (c) purchases made under a separate promotion or special finance program. Eligible purchases will be identified within your transaction history on chase.com Opens in a new window or the Chase Mobile App. Purchases Eligible for Chase Pay Over Time at Checkout on Amazon.com: Orders totaling at least $50 of eligible items on Amazon.com are eligible. Amazon may designate any item as ineligible, such as Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods, Amazon Prime Now, 1-Click Purchases and Subscribe &amp; Save. If your order includes a recurring subscription, then only the first month's subscription fee will be eligible. If available for your account, the option to choose &quot;financing offers available&quot; will appear at checkout. Amazon, the Amazon.com logo, the smile logo, Kindle, Echo, Alexa, Fire, Ring, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com Opens Overlay , Inc. or its affiliates. Account Alerts: Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons including technology failures and capacity limitations. Apple, the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of EMVCo, LLC. Chase Sapphire Preferred credit cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. Accounts subject to credit approval. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subject to change. Browse credit cards by category Start of carousel Browse credit cards by category Slide 1 of 3 Featured Opens Category Page in the same window All Cards Opens Category Page in the same window Cash Back Opens Category Page in the same window Balance Transfer Opens Category Page in the same window Travel Opens Category Page in the same window Business Opens Category Page in the same window Rewards Opens Category Page in the same window Airline Opens Category Page in the same window Hotel Opens Category Page in the same window Credit Building Opens Category Page in the same window No Annual Fee Opens Category Page in the same window No Foreign Transaction Fees Opens Category Page in the same window 0% Intro APR Opens Category Page in the same window Visa Opens Category Page in the same window MasterCard Opens Category Page in the same window Previous Next End of carousel Opens Chase.com in a new window Follow us: Facebook icon links to Facebook site. Opens Overlay Instagram icon links to Instagram site. Opens Overlay Twitter icon links to Twitter site. Opens Overlay YouTube icon links to YouTube site. Opens Overlay LinkedIn icon links to LinkedIn site. Opens Overlay Pinterest icon links to Pinterest site. Opens Overlay Credit Cards Featured Cards Opens Category Page in the same window All Cards Opens Category Page in the same window Newest Offers Opens Category Page in the same window Cash Back Opens Category Page in the same window Balance Transfer Opens Category Page in the same window Travel Opens Category Page in the same window Business Opens Category Page in the same window Rewards Opens Category Page in the same window Airline Opens Category Page in the same window Hotel Opens Category Page in the same window Dining Opens Category Page in the same window Credit Building Opens Category Page in the same window No Annual Fee Opens Category Page in the same window No Foreign Transaction Fee Opens Category Page in the same window 0% Intro APR Opens Category Page in the same window Visa Opens Category Page in the same window MasterCard Opens Category Page in the same window EMV Cards with Chip Opens Category Page in the same window Refer-A-Friend Opens Category Page in the same window Check for Offers Opens Category Page in the same window Credit Cards Updates page content Featured Cards Opens Category Page in the same window All Cards Opens Category Page in the same window Newest Offers Opens Category Page in the same window Cash Back Opens Category Page in the same window Balance Transfer Opens Category Page in the same window Travel Opens Category Page in the same window Business Opens Category Page in the same window Rewards Opens Category Page in the same window Airline Opens Category Page in the same window Hotel Opens Category Page in the same window Dining Opens Category Page in the same window Credit Building Opens Category Page in the same window No Annual Fee Opens Category Page in the same window No Foreign Transaction Fee Opens Category Page in the same window 0% Intro APR Opens Category Page in the same window Visa Opens Category Page in the same window MasterCard Opens Category Page in the same window EMV Cards with Chip Opens Category Page in the same window Refer-A-Friend Opens Category Page in the same window Check for Offers Opens Category Page in the same window More Chase Products Credit Journey Opens Chase Credit Journey in a new window Checking Accounts Opens Chase.com checking in a new window Saving Accounts Opens Chase.com savings in a new window Certificates of Deposits Opens Chase.com CDs in a new window Mortgages Opens Chase.com mortgage in a new window Auto Loans Opens Chase.com auto loans in a new window Planning &amp; Investments Opens Chase.com investing in a new window More Chase Products Updates page content Credit Journey Opens Chase Credit Journey in a new window Checking Accounts Opens Chase.com checking in a new window Saving Accounts Opens Chase.com savings in a new window Certificates of Deposits Opens Chase.com CDs in a new window Mortgages Opens Chase.com mortgage in a new window Auto Loans Opens Chase.com auto loans in a new window Planning &amp; Investments Opens Chase.com investing in a new window Resources Online Banking Opens in a new window Mobile Banking Opens in a new window Cardmember agreements Opens in a new window Credit card news Opens in a new window Credit Card Glossary Opens in a new window Ultimate Rewards ® Opens in a new window FAQ Opens in a new window Credit Card Education Opens in a new window Schedule a meeting Opens in a new window Resources Updates page content Online Banking Opens in a new window Mobile Banking Opens in a new window Cardmember agreements Opens in a new window Credit card news Opens in a new window Credit Card Glossary Opens in a new window Ultimate Rewards ® Opens in a new window FAQ Opens in a new window Credit Card Education Opens in a new window Schedule a meeting Opens in a new window You&#39;re now leaving Chase Chase's website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn't responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name. Cancel Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window Proceed Opens new credit card offers and promotions in the same window © {date} JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.{br} Member FDIC{img}Equal Housing Opportunity About Chase Opens in a new window J.P. Morgan Opens in a new window JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. Opens in a new window Careers Opens in a new window Privacy Opens in a new window Security Opens in a new window Terms of use Opens in a new window Accessibility Opens in a new window Site map Opens in the same window AdChoices Opens Overlay